build: add release notes (#15621)
docker/docker.github.io: build/release-notes.md

---
title: Build release notes
description: Release notes for Buildx
keywords: build, buildx, buildkit, release notes
toc_max: 2
---

> This page contains information about the new features, improvements and bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains information about the new features, improvements, and bug
```

fixes in [Buildx](buildx/index.md).

## 0.9.1

{% include release-date.html date="2022-08-18" %} 

### Enhancements

> * Ensure used buildkit version also shows up in the inspect command {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1279" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `inspect` command now displays the BuildKit version in use {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1279" %}
```

### Fixes

> * Fix regression on building compose files that contain services without a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a regression when building Compose files that contain services without a
```

  {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1066" %}

### Enhancements

* `buildx create` command now does additional validation of builder parameters
  to avoid creating a builder instance with invalid configuration {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1206" %}
* `buildx imagetools create` command can now create new multi-platform images
  even if the source subimages are located on different repositories or
  registries {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1137" %}
* You can now set the default builder config that is used when creating
  builder instances without passing custom `--config` value {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1111" %}
* `buildx ls` command output has been updated with better access to errors
  from different builders {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1109" %}
* Docker driver can now detect if `dockerd` instance supports initially
  disabled Buildkit features like multi-platform images {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1260" %}
  {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1262" %}

> * Compose files using targets with `.` in the name are now converter to use `_`

Reviewer: typo: converted?

  and using the result of one target in another build {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="928" %}
  {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="965" %} {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="963" %}
  {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="962" %} {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="981" %}
* `imagetools inspect` now accepts `--format` flag allowing access to config
  and buildinfo for specific images {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="854" %}
  {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="972" %}
* New flag `--no-cache-filter` allows configuring build, so it ignores cache
  only for specified Dockerfile stages {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="860" %}
* Builds can now show a summary of warnings sets by the building frontend {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="892" %}
* New build-arg `BUILDKIT_INLINE_BUILDINFO_ATTRS` allows opting-in to embed
  building attributes to resulting image {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="908" %}

> * New flag `--keep-buildkitd` allows keeping BuildKit daemon running when removing a builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new flag `--keep-buildkitd` allows keeping BuildKit daemon running when removing a builder
```

  incremental context transfer for better performance {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="817" %}
* Build containers are now placed on separate cgroup by default {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="782" %}
* Bake now prints the default group with `--print` {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="720" %}
* `docker` driver now dials build session over HTTP for better performance {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="804" %}

### Bug fixes

* Fix using `--iidfile` together with a multi-node push {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="826" %}
* Using `--push` in Bake does not clear other image export options in the file {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="773" %}
* Fix Git URL detection for `buildx bake` when `https` protocol was used {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="822" %}
* Fix pushing image with multiple names on multi-node builds {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="815" %}
* Avoid showing `--builder` flags for commands that don't use it {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="818" %}

> * Unsupported build flags now properly show a warning {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="810" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unsupported build flags now show a warning {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="810" %}
```

  coming from external Git or HTTP URL {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="994" %}
* Build commands now support new build context type `oci-layout://` for loading
  [build context from local OCI layout directories](../engine/reference/commandline/buildx_build.md#-source-image-from-oci-layout-directory).
  Note that this feature depends on an unreleased BuildKit feature and builder
  instance from `moby/buildkit:master` needs to be used until BuildKit v0.11 is
  released {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1173" %}
* New `--print` flag can be used to run helper functions supported by the
  BuildKit frontend performing the build and print their results. In Dockerfile
  this feature can be used to show the build arguments and secrets that the
  current build supports with `--print=outline` and list all available
  Dockerfile stages with `--print=targets`. This feature is experimental for
  gathering early feedback and requires enabling `BUILDX_EXPERIMENTAL=1`
  environment variable. We plan to update/extend this feature in the future
  without keeping backward compatibility {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1100" %}

>   {% include github_issue.md repo="docker/buildx" number="1272" %}

Reviewer 2: Not sure the github issue include is easier to use than just creating a markdown link🤔 

Was this to avoid having to add the "rel=noopener" properties etc?

Author: Just to have something less verbose. Fine to me to switch to pure markdown if you want.
